this is so awesome that WWE's doing this
what does it mean for you guys I saw the
smiles on your face and how the kids
were really responding it was just
beautiful
good inspiring and motivational to us
Superstars divas it's fun and rewarding
to see everyone here having fun coming
together participating in Shore nurse
ortley yeah you know for me it's the
same kind thing like Norma said when you
see the community come together new
schools and we celebrate you know
inclusion and acceptance and it's I've
said it before but it's Chicken Soup for
the human soul
this makes you feel good and proud to be
you know an upright walking mammal so to
speak like that helpers high in a sense
yes absolutely I love the spirt of these
kids and their can-do attitude and and
the little things and a little
achievements they make are so so
glorious to see you know when some of
these kids hit these tremendous shots
that quite frankly I couldn't even make
any more yes they kind of showed you up
calls in the future and what about for
you I am gonna walk away from this
experience having faith hot and hope and
knowing that whatever you put your mind
to if you don't do it you're gonna do it
and these kids prove that to me makes me
so much and I just feel like now if I'm
gonna miss a day at the gym I'm not
working out and then remember what I
learned here at Memphis high school
because yeah you know since we are at
high school do you guys what's a moment
for you guys in high school that you
remember that or you don't like her you
did like from high school so you were
like perfect and beautiful and popular
right you like the cheerleader
I had braces headgear hair with a mess
but um I probably just say being
involved in sports and things it really
brings everybody together
yeah the chrome on their camaraderie my
high school history teacher mrs. price
that had a quote on her wall the purpose
of learning history is better equip you
to be history so you know that support
this always stuck with me through life
and I'm doing my part the worst part the
worst part of high school was I was
building the best part was definitely
drunk electing me I was able to perform
and express myself in like a creative
way so all three of us have been picked
on a bully beware of school I was made
fun of too and all I gotta say though
some people do want to support this or
get involved where can they go to get
involved in this awesome organization
the Deborah Vee and also use social
media as a platform yeah absolutely
obviously was special at the world games
just gonna be opportunities to sign up
if they want to volunteer if they want
to sponsor and this is something that
you know if you're if you're looking for
something to get involved with to help
out your community and have a better
sense of well-being for yourself
personally this is something I
definitely suggest getting involved with
because this is an experience that this
stays with you